The Emperor died that year
The Fifth Prince conspired with Prime Minister Shen
King Qi holds military power but does not send troops to rescue him
I heard that the prime minister's daughter had a bad relationship with him
Maybe King Qi was involved in the rebellion back then?

Little Lord, I am still afraid that he will fail
Xuanxuan King Qi's visit
See Emperor
Daring to see the Emperor without kneeling
I fought for many years
Legs are sick
Unable to kneel
Presumably the emperor will not blame it
Since the third uncle is unwell
Why don't you rest in the mansion?
What are you doing in the palace?
The minister wants the emperor
It was also a favor that successfully ascended the throne that year
Let me take someone away
presumptuous
who
Shen Xingyao
You are bold
Shen Xingyao was bestowed upon the saint by the emperor
You dare to covet the king's harem
The minister is pleased with her
Since the Holy Mountain has put her in the cold palace
That is, I don't like her.
Instead of letting her waste her life
It would be better for the emperor to return her to the minister
Shen Xingyao is my woman
Even if I die in the cold palace, it is my family business
It has nothing to do with the third uncle
I fought for many years
Old disease
I'm afraid so.
I also hope that the Emperor will fulfill the wish of Qichen
I respectfully call you Uncle Three Emperors
But you have to know
I am the king and you are the minister
My heart
It's not something you can control
The meaning of the emperor
I understand.
It's the minister who has overstepped
minister retires
This King of Qi seems suave
In fact, no one is defiant
Better than the emperor
He holds the military
It's not that easy to move him